# Classwork for Logging, NumPy, Matplotlib

## Logging

The `analyze_data_with_logging.py` module analyzes a signal read in from a text
file.  The signal is read in one character at a time.  The program calculates
the percentage of characters that are `+`.

Exercise:
1. Add logging and log a WARNING entry when the signal is a `0`.
2. Log an ERROR entry when the signal is not `+`, `0`, or `-`.
3. Log an INFO entry when the signal is `-`.
4. Change logging level.
5. Send the log to a file.

## NumPy and Matplotlib Exercise
1. Create and activate a virtual environment with the packages found in the 
`requirements.txt` file.
2. Enter `jupyter notebook` which will open a web browser with the Jupyter
interface.
3. Complete the `numpy_demo.ipynb` notebook.  In addition to executing the 
existing cells to see how things work, remember to complete the five **Tasks**.
4. Complete the `matplotlib_demo.ipynb` notebook.  This does not have any tasks,
but still requires you to execute the cells to see how it works.  Feel free
to modify the existing cells or create new ones to make additional plots.

When finished with the above, commit the two completed 
Jupyter notebooks to your local repository and push them back to GitHub.

Completion of these Jupyter notebooks is considered part of the class 
participation grade and should be completed before the last day of classes.
If you have any questions, please let me know.

## Pulse Oximeter Data
The file `overall_data.dat` is a text file that contains integers separated
by commas.  The first row contains photoelectric plethysmography data from
a pulse oximeter.  The second row contains blood pressure data.  The third 
row contains ECG data.  There is no time data, so assume equal time intervals
between data points.

## Curve Matching
The file `curve_to_match.dat` is a text file that contains floats separated
by commas.  The first row contains the time data.  The second row contains the
signal value.  This curve was generated by adding a sine wave and a cosine
wave:
```
curve1 = amplitude1 * sin (frequency1 * time)
curve2 = amplitude2 * cos (frequency2 * time)
```
`amplitude1`, `amplitude2`, `frequency1`, and `frequency2` were each given
integer values between 1 and 5 inclusive.  

__Exercise__

* Create a python module called `curve_match.py`.  In this module, write code
  to complete the following.
* Read in this data and plot the signal vs. time.
* Create a sine wave and cosine wave using the formulae above.
* Sum these two waves and compare to the target curve.
* Vary the values for amplitudes and frequencies until the curves match.
* When you have a match, save the code and push it to GitHub.
* Completion of this excerise will be part of the class participation grade.
* Complete before the last day of classes.

